Here are 4 high-value "Modules" you can build into your iRescue.life dashboard. These leverage the automated Stripe connection to give your tenants powerful fundraising tools without technical headaches.

You can hand these specific feature descriptions to your Replit Agent to build out the logic.

1. The "Sponsor This Pet" Module
Rescues constantly have "long-term residents" (older dogs or those with medical needs) who are hard to adopt but expensive to keep. This feature turns those liabilities into assets.

The Feature: A "Sponsor Me" button generator for individual animal profiles.

How it Works in iRescue:

Rescue Admin selects a dog (e.g., "Buster").

They choose a monthly amount (e.g., "$25/month").

iRescue Automation: Creates a Stripe Product named "Sponsor Buster" with Buster’s photo and generates a recurring link.

Output: A URL to paste on Facebook: "Become Buster's Monthly Godparent for just $25!"

Why Rescues Need It: Donors prefer giving to a specific face rather than a general fund. This automates that emotional connection.

2. The "Virtual Kennel" Subscription
This is for steady, reliable operating income (rent, electricity, food) rather than specific medical bills.

The Feature: A program where donors "rent" a kennel or a room in the shelter virtually.

How it Works in iRescue:

You provide 3 pre-set tiers in the dashboard:

Bronze: "Bowl Filler" ($10/mo)

Silver: "Bed Warmer" ($25/mo)

Gold: "Kennel Keeper" ($50/mo)

iRescue Automation: You loop through these 3 tiers, creating 3 distinct Stripe Payment Links.

Output: A simple "Pricing Table" snippet the rescue can share in their email newsletter or pin to the top of their Facebook page.

3. The "Emergency Vet Fund" Blaster
Sometimes a rescue gets a dog that was hit by a car and needs $3,000 tonight. They don't need a monthly sub; they need fast cash.

The Feature: A "Panic Button" for creating high-urgency campaigns.

How it Works in iRescue:

Rescue Admin hits "Create Emergency Campaign."

Inputs: "Title" (e.g., Save Lucky's Leg), "Goal" ($3,000), and uploads the X-ray or injury photo (blurring gore if needed).

iRescue Automation: Creates a One-Time Stripe Price (not recurring) and enables the "Allow users to adjust quantity" or "Pay what you want" feature in the Stripe API (optional, but powerful).

Output: A link that renders a large, urgent checkout page.

4. The "Adoption Event" QR Code Kit
Rescues do adoption events at PetSmart or local breweries. People walk by and say "I can't adopt, but here's $20." Cash is hard to handle; this solves that.

The Feature: Auto-generated printable flyers.

How it Works in iRescue:

Rescue Admin clicks "Generate Event Flyer."

iRescue Automation: Generates a "General Donation" payment link.

The Twist: Your app takes that URL, turns it into a QR Code, and places it onto a PDF flyer template with the Rescue's logo.

Output: A downloadable PDF. The rescue prints it, tapes it to the table, and people scan it with their phones to set up a monthly donation right there at the brewery.

💡 Tech Tip for Replit: "Metadata is King"
When you tell Replit to build these, explicitly ask it to use Stripe Metadata.

Why? When a payment comes in, Stripe tells the rescue "Someone paid $25." It doesn't inherently say which dog it was for.

The Fix: In your code, when creating the link, attach metadata:

JavaScript

metadata: {
  campaign_type: 'sponsor_pet',
  pet_name: 'Buster',
  pet_id: '101'
}
This way, you can eventually build a "Reporting Dashboard" that tells the rescue: "Buster has earned $400 this month!"