Haseya's New Beginning
Adoption Agreement
First Name: robby Last Name: test Email: rstelly3@gmail.com Phone Number: 3373661660 Address:
,
Driver's License Number: Name of Dog/Cat: Leon Species/Breed: Dog / American Staffordshire Terrier Date: February 5, 2026
Please read this carefully because you are signing a legally binding document. If you are adopting a puppy under the age of six months who has not yet been altered, you will also be required to sign the Spay/Neuter Agreement.
The parties hereto agree that the owners shall abide by the following conditions:

Leon, hereinafter referred to as "the dog," is being transferred to the adopting owner with the understanding that the adopter is taking possession of the dog to treat and to be responsible for it as their own dog.

The dog will be treated as a family member with loving care and affection. I will do my best to ensure the dog's safety and well-being.

I/we will feed the dog at least twice a day and will provide a fresh supply of water at all times.

The dog will live inside my home and will not be isolated from the family.

I will walk my dog on a leash or exercise my dog in a fenced yard, which must be provided unless waived by HNB.

I will never let my dog run loose or roam, keep my dog chained or tied up, keep it continuously in a yard, garage, patio, balcony, or pen, or leave my dog outdoors, even in a fenced yard when no one is at home.

I will not have the dog attack-trained nor will I use it for any purpose other than companionship.

I will not have the dog's ears cropped nor will I have its tail docked. I will never allow any physical, mental, or emotional abuse of the dog.

DIGITAL HEALTH MONITORING & RECORDS
Electronic Records: The Rescue provides all medical history, rabies certificates, and microchip registration exclusively through the secure Haseya's New Beginning Digital Portal. The Adopter agrees to access these records electronically.
Health Alerts: To ensure the Animal’s preventative care (e.g., heartworm prevention) is maintained, the Adopter agrees to receive automated health reminders via the Portal, Email, or SMS.
Communication: The Adopter agrees to keep their digital contact profile updated to ensure the Rescue can contact them in the event of a microchip recovery or emergency.
I will take the dog to a licensed veterinarian when shots are due but in no event later than one year from the last vet visit. I will provide all required and/or needed veterinary care, including: rabies shots as required every one or three years; yearly booster shots for DHLPPC; yearly fecal checks for internal parasites (worms); and prompt treatment by a licensed veterinarian for any illness or injury.

The dog will be given heartworm preventative tablets every month, all year long. I will have a heartworm test given every year. If there is any break in dispensing heartworm tablets, I must retest for heartworm and restart tablets immediately.

If not already done, I will have the dog spayed/neutered by and will immediately forward proof to the HNB office. (E-mail to haseyasnewbeginninghr@yahoo.com or mail to 1321 Section Ave Rayne, LA 70578). Failure to comply with this requirement will result in the immediate return of the dog to HNB with no refund.

I/we affirm that no member of my household has been convicted of an animal welfare law violation such as neglect, cruelty, abandonment, etc.

I will ensure proper licensing of the dog and will attach the appropriate license tags, rabies tag, HNB tag, and personal identification tag to a non-choke collar to be worn at all times. I will ensure compliance with all applicable local and state statutes.

I will not use a choke-type collar at any time, except for training under the guidance of a qualified dog trainer.

I am adopting the dog for myself and I agree to not give away, sell, or trade my dog, even as a gift to a friend or family member.

I will neither take the dog to a shelter nor abandon the dog. I understand that I must notify HNB without delay if I can no longer care for or keep my dog and agree to give HNB reasonable time to rehome my dog or place my dog in an approved foster home, if available. I must notify HNB of any behavioral problems that have occurred at any time before I return my dog and I agree to pay for a professional trainer's evaluation in case of biting or aggression.

I agree to accept responsibility and ownership of the dog at my own risk and I release HNB and its agents from any and all liability arising out of possession and ownership of my dog.

I agree that I am assuming total financial responsibility for my pet as of the date of this contract. HNB and its agents will not be held responsible for any damages or expenses (veterinary or other) incurred during my ownership of the dog.

I agree to take the dog to obedience training classes as a puppy, and/or as an adult.

**In the event the dog becomes lost or dies, I will immediately notify HNB. I will also immediately notify HNB of any change of contact information (address, phone number, or email address).

**This dog's known background and medical history have been discussed with me. I understand that HNB has made no representation concerning the health, condition, training, behavior, or temperament of the dog.

**I agree to permit HNB to make inquiry about and enforce any of the above conditions and requirements at any time after adoption. This can include visits to my home and contact with my veterinarian. I UNDERSTAND THAT FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH ANY OF THE ABOVE PROVISIONS WILL RESULT IN FORFEITURE OF THE DOG TO HNB WITH NO REFUND.

**I understand that by voluntarily signing this agreement, I am entering into a legal and binding contract with Haseya's New Beginning. Breach of any term(s) of this agreement is deemed actionable by HNB. In the event there is a violation of the agreement, I agree to pay a minimum of $500.00 in damages.

Adoption Fee: $0

Additional Donation: $0.00

Total Paid: $0.00
I, robby test, certify that the information provided is true and I understand and agree to all terms of this Adoption Agreement.

Adopter Signature

Signature of Adopter
Digitally Signed via iRescue.life

Timestamp:

IP Address:

Haseya's New Beginning
1321 Section Ave, Rayne, LA 70578
haseyasnewbeginninghr@yahoo.com

